Mask R-CNN:
This segmentation technique uses a CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) to identify and classify 
different components of an image. The CNN architechture consists of a convolutional layer to abstract 
the input image as a feature map, an ROI Pooling layer to downsample the feature map, and a fully 
connected layer to connect every neuron and calculate the output of the network. For more complex situations 
like segmenting pores, Mask R-CNN is used, which is based off of R-CNN. R-CNN is a Region-Based Convolutional 
Neural Network which is primarily used for computer vision problems. The main difference between R-CNN and CNN 
is that the former extracts regional information from the image before computing CNN features. Lastly, 
we have Mask R-CNN, which is based off of R-CNN. This technique not only segments the images efficiently, 
it also applies masks to the regions that provide more information. This can be used to efficiently differentiate 
pores and find more accurate measurements than watershed.

Edge-Based Segmentation:
This segmentation technique is much simpler than Mask R-CNN, and due to the plethora of edges in 
the pore images this technique could be a very viable solution without a lot of overhead. The problem with 
watershed segmentation is that it focuses on finding the pores first and then differentating them from one another. 
Finding edges first with this technique will most likely yield more accurate results since the edges are easier 
to differentiate at first glance rather than the pores. This technique opperates by first identifying the 
unique edges in the image. A popular way to detect edges is to look for rapid changes in pixel values. In 
our pore images, this will work well due to the contrast of the edges. Once the edges are identified, edge 
linking is performed to create boundaries enclosing the pores.

References:
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2019/04/introduction-image-segmentation-techniques-python/
https://viso.ai/deep-learning/mask-r-cnn/
https://cloudinary.com/glossary/edge-based-segmentation