Watershed is a method of image segmentation that can be used to accurately segment portions of an image that share a border. In our use 
case, this method can be used to segment images of pores where the pores share borders with multiple other pores. When using color thresholding to 
segment an image, a lot of the time you will not accurately segment portions that share a border. This is caused by the contrast between the background 
and the foreground. The algorithm will only see the contrast and segment multiple portions as one. When using watershed, the different portions are 
segmented from the middle out, which allows the borders to be known. This leads to properly segmented portions, or pores for our use case.

Watershed opperates by selecting the local minima of different portions of the image. These valleys are marked as the center of the various pores. 
Once all of the centers are found, they are filled with different colors of "water". By filling these portions simultaneously, once the borders are reached 
we are left with easily distinguishable segments due to the variation in color. This allows us to accurately segment pores even though the majority are 
sharing borders with one another.

We can accomplish this segmentation using the Python library OpenCV. OpenCV has a multitude of functions available to allow us to efficiently apply the 
watershed algorithm to our images. The first step is to convert the image to a black and white version to allow for simpler thresholding. Once that is done, 
thresholding is applied to find approximate locations of the individual pores. Noise is then removed and sure background and sure foreground are calculated. 
The sure background/foreground means that those regions of the image are known for sure to be either a pore or background. The difference between the sure foreground 
and sure background are found to highlight the areas that are unsure. These are usually the borders of the pores. From there, the areas with the highest intensity 
are marked as centers of the pores. Now that the individual pore centers have been approximated, we can start the watershed process. This process is as simple as 
calling the cv.watershed() function on the image along with the markers. After this process is applied, it can be fine tuned to ensure more accurate results.

References:
https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/computer-science/watershed-segmentation#:~:text=Watershed%20segmentation%20is%20a%20region,and%20Electronics%20in%20Agriculture%2C%202023
https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/d3/db4/tutorial_py_watershed.html